Hello guys
Welcome to another painting in
five minutes
today with a design of grapes grapes
red né
we had already made the jug the bottle
in the previous video and we will continue
here with the gloves
so I separated some very colors
pretty purple background
I came to shade and lights with a red
flourishing it gives this essence nuance
or wonderful video, right?
but the black one will help a lot
to make the shadows then before
start to fill the rains
We're going to censor a little wine.
in black and we will fill the spaces
among them this is a space here has
another another here here a little bit here
It is a light fill first saving
and if this fund is to start
fill the rains
the bottom is already filled
now we'll start to fill in and the
gloves all or even change brush here
I have brush number 4
But as the gloves are bigger we go with
a brush number 8 even then it 's just
fill in purple
then we'll darken're beginning
just in case
so now I've finished filling
all with culture and we will start the
shadows with wine
if you want to acquire handouts
dvds designs brushes videos or six
hits on my site www.maxipark.com.br
and we'll fill in all the shadows where
put the shadow always below the
another grape always below never looks in
Upstairs because it's going to be suzy then we
Let's darken down here with wine.
let's dry accelerate drying with
dryer and then
blooming red this is good
so she will receive only shadow
behind
this is very important to define the
shade of the grape because then come the lights
definitive
I always start with the first one and I go
climbing up to the last one up there because
as one is below the other we
we always have to start with the first
and we follow
and I'm going to put it above all here with
wine and a bait of black she will stay
more beautiful yet very few
look at a bait people because black is a
dominant color with starting here and if you
put much goes too dark
so it was only a little bit the bait of
black where you on the povinho that goes
give a nice touch
If you want to learn how to paint
these wonderful pieces all
templates on the site
www.escolasesc.com.br ms.com br br
I believe everything is dark now
I'll dry a little with a dryer and
let's make the lights with red
blooming left to pull here
easier
in the corner of the brush you get a
bit of blooming red
and only on the outside it dips only in the
external part
You've been giving the lights.
very straight contour
and now only a few lights with white I go
throw the lights all over that side
if you want to get in touch
with me my email is more bread
at hotmail.com
I myself respond and the staff of the
facebook can access the page by painting
with marchas to pass bread
here is the finished project I hope
You enjoyed it and see you next time.
not painting in five minutes with martins
to pass bread